another party in march for freestyle
personal competition wrote her
Oleg Salamaha managed to play the other day
a curious blitz game played
Internet delighted victory sat down
analysis and was surprised
beauty options and most importantly
victim correctness attack failed Oleg
salamaha send us the party where he
kills the dragon
act so called killing the dragon here
so here it is steve again up against
legit usually so play castling in
different sides of their period on the ram black
also not lagging behind on cate pawns but not yet
figures are made to fight like that
the main thing to attack well and from myself I want
say i do n't usually either
such a dragon to commit b5 but at the same time
peace of the world is early that is waiting because
that the scientist gta 6 would be one already raki raval
and they put themselves in a dangerous position
the king would be one yet prevention hope
a little strange move probably black
They wanted to keep him like an elephant 7
after a long beat, performs standard
move like 6 well, probably saved
now goes to battle
h4 infantry Well maybe the word is now here
set because black cannot
now go h5 the bishop blocks the pawn and
why can't we block
White pawns movement although there with me
undermining same 4 usually in other positions but
collection but decided
on foot yet hold funds 7 not
feels really black dangers
I think it might have cost Muscovites
quickly drag the horse to 5 because
that so they could use protection
serving here a little to do to protect
h5 by 400 clothes from aromazin offensive
because after the white horse is this
black grenada sim cigarettes they will get
respite but who cares about such trifles to
the blackboard begins the hurricane already beats the same orgy
Oleg has already analyzed everything from the car
the subject you only read comments
if the saucer is also somewhere mytouch
not Medvedev 4 with a deadly
if f is literally yield 4 and
5 comic con niche special mark white
crucial advantages require so much
beats his wife root 5 not only that
delivers one horse fit to the beginnings
supply 2 horse knocked
horses do not mind when considered bad
first give an estimate of the benefit of black but
then a piece of iron understands what's what
Yes, I think that is actually a horse in 5 on
the logical thing is that the horse
coming close to the king
supports such fire and most importantly so
drink it is not possible due to the broth
queen knives 5 bc filter thin transition
White’s plan is again justified
completely but the attack is always
accompany rice and whites ventured and not
lost the attack reflected the horse 37 and after
difficult 80 h5 law in the mortgage would even 5
fiji 5 bowls step to the role fotik lucky with the same
perpetual check but what is it to find all this for
board yes well honestly i wouldn't
found out again like 82 exclamations
sign at least that amount which
for sure the opponent did not foresee the elephant
departs freed
your finishing blow lurking lags
h1
Of course, 5 is the only defense, but it is not
saves
squirrel no longer stop the car is still coming
all the figures if the rooks 8 then ate eaten
shakor is 86 mm from the axis
warps both 8888 and all or 6 more therefore
understand 5 but the rook floor 5 donates more
quality Oleg Salo Maharaja by taj elephant
beats have a quiet year after which black
totally helpless reflective
white queen's invasion no defense
sell some connoisseurs say
chess art you row the most
beautiful in chess
these are quiet codes elephant bt-7
rook 5 7 same despair unity
opportunities under and resistance was
Dacha Khristians
5 but after epson and at 6 it certainly doesn’t
saved the situation too weakly that role
back to the party
further followed after diabetes and 787
mother killing the dragon from oleg she herself
flying mojito don't know it seems brilliant
party powerful attack sacrifice blows and silent
move elephant golden eagle elephant beats and 7 on it
everything
winter